OP-213 add search field for opd records (#200)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_user/UserManual.adoc

The following fields are available to select or narrow the resulting matches:

> * *Search by code* (work only one per time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Search by code* (only one can be used at a time)
```

> ** *Code*: Search *ONE* OPD visit by its code, that is unique, hence only one result is expected

Author: ```suggestion
** *Code*: Search an OPD visit by its code, that is unique, hence only *ONE* result is expected
```

> ** *OPD No.*: Search OPD visits by their Progressive in Year, that starts every year from one, hence one or more results are expected

Author: ```suggestion
** *OPD No.*: Search OPD visits by their Progressive in Year, that starts every year from 1, hence one or more results are expected
```

** *Pat. Id*: Search OPD visits by Patient ID, hence one or more results are expected

NOTE: to apply the above *Exclusive Filters* one has to just type a __number__ and press __ENTER__.

* *Other filters* (they are all applied when pressing [.underline]##S##earch)
** *Ward*: Select a specific OPD ward
** *Disease type*: Select a specific disease type or all disease types

> ** *Disease*: select a specific disease, or all diseases, or searching for partial matches by typing some letters in the search field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *Disease*: Select a specific disease, or all diseases, or search using partial matches by typing some letters in the search field
```
